yeah
today I met a man
smile on his face yes
so the number sign saying life is good
man I wonder what it'd be like taking
the shoes I guess when you got nothing
you got nothing to lose
boy don't you pity me I'm so sad it's
all a sum that affects
break me
it seems that the world is testing me
with like a girl over like at the best
to me half of the world see success in
me the other half is second-guessing me
but I kid you not to mess with me
cuz I think I got something for the
sesame no matter when I'm in a gear but
left to me I didn't shoot this life is
just me feeling like a micro psycho
stand back of the pill like a rifle
putting up a fight though to tell me
that the wrong path but no strike though
let's a pick up the world and shake it
pull it to the ground in laughter
breaking let the whole world know that
I'm gonna make it if you don't get me
I'm gonna stay here